Memmon

Memmon is a utility used to detect possible memory leaks in system processes.

Memmon builds a table of memory usage by process. Repeated calls to Memmon 
from cron update the table with a memory increase usage count. 
If the memory used continues to increase over time the process is flagged 
as one that may have a memory leak. This monitor works on the assumption that 
processes will use a stable amount of memory over time.

A filter is provided to eliminate noise from applications known to vary widely 
in their memory usage.

The License File contains the GNU GPL, which applies to all files in this 
repository.

Installation instructions


Prerequisite

This installation process will install two shell script files: memmon.bash and
memmon.ksh.  Both shell scripts perform the same function, one is a korn
shell version of memmon, the other is for the bash shell.  Either the bash
shell (i.e. /bin/bash) or the korn shell (i.e. /bin/ksh) must be installed
before the corresponding shell script can be executed.

As part of the build process the binary executable "getdate" will be built.
This build requires a C compiler. 


Installation process

Memmon source and make file can be downloaded from the github web site:

	http://github.com/santj/Memmon

Clicking the download button at this site will provide the user with an option 
to download an autogenerated ZIP or TAR archive file. After the archive file 
has downloaded the user should extract the file in an install directory.
The user should follow the prompts generated by the download/archive manager.  
When the archive has been downloaded and the files extracted to a working 
directory, the user can change to the working directory where the extracted
file exist and run the make command by simply typing "make".  This will build
the memmon application files. 

To install the application files the command "make install" can be ran. By
default this will install the files in the directory "~/bin", i.e. the bin
directory in the user's home directory.  This directory must exist prior to 
running the make install command and should be included in the user's PATH 
environment variable.  The default install directory can be changed by modifying
the INSTDIR= value in the file "makefile".

Instructions for executing memmon are in the memmon.pdf file
